i'm at the PRI show and i'm at the vp
race fuels booths i'm joined by jason
jason PP race feels his long history of
a great product in the racing industry i
heard that you guys have a new product
coming out that's not necessarily for
the racing market that's correct it's
actually for the small implement and
small engine market it's called SEF 94
we used all of our race fuel technology
that we've used for the past 35 years to
build this product but yet again is not
for the racing industry a lot of the
pump gas specific engines such as jaws
of life lawnmowers chainsaws they have
over the time of sitting will end up
gumming up end up having corrosion
issues with with the components so we
came out with this SCF 94 and it has no
oxygen to it it won't go bad so you
don't have to put any sort of
stabilizers in it over the winter time
and we're kind of aiming it at fire
departments law enforcement or you know
the general obviously with the SF 94
having no ethanol in it it won't go bad
over the winter time it will always be
there and according to all of our tests
one pull and the chainsaw start so
that's where you know this fuel is
coming into for that market tell me a
little bit about this race feel
obviously that's what you guys are known
for what makes it different than any
other gas you can get out of a pump well
like our new vp 100 unleaded that is
aimed at more of the street market for
like the Corvette guys the import guys
your Ferraris and Porsches and what
happens is again it's a clean-burning
fuel that makes a lot of horsepower it's
something you're not going to see with a
pump gas in 93 or 94 octane so what
applications the vp 100 most suitable
for the market that we targeted for the
street car industry but we've had very
very good results with the forced
induction the nitrous and turbo cars
we've had a lot of them like mitsubishi
eclipses with
bows on it and actually on one dyno test
with a believe it wasn't mitsubishi
eclipse it gained 14 percent power over
a 93 pump gas we've sprayed up to 200
horsepower on it so far and also I've
had one car with a procharger f1 our
supercharger and it made almost 800
horsepower to the tire and this is with
a street-legal 100 octane fuel and
finally we have the VP 113 racing field
tell me a little bit about that the 113
is a leaded product and it's also
oxygenated it was designed more for the
budget racer in mind your bracket racer
your circle track racer your Friday and
Saturday night you know budget racers
we've had up to six percent more power
with it over some of our competitors 110
112 and even 114 it has a hundred and
nine motor octane rating and like said
I've also seen cars spray up to 300
horsepower on it I've had it up to 25
pounds of boost and forced induction
applications and the 113 is priced
economically again for you know the
lower budget racer one thing about the
BB 113 is that it does greatly improve
the consistency of a bracket racer and
it isn't as affected by the barometric
pressures and the
conditions as much as a regular racing
fuel that has no oxygen again it helps
to resist that nation we have it in
engines up to 15 to 1 compression many
engine builders are starting to
recommend it over a standard 112 or 114
racing thank you Jason it's no wonder VP
is the world leader at race fuel
technology for more information go to ww
BP racing feels calm